README.md, before:

<div align="center">
<a id="top"></a>
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/CupFfgB.png" width="150" height="150" alt="Pluto logo"/>

# The Ultimate Betting App for Discord

Engage in the sports betting scene directly from your favorite platform

  <img alt="GitHub top language" src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/fearandesire/Pluto-Betting-Bot?color=blue&labelColor=%23000000">
<img alt="GitHub package.json version" src="https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/fearandesire/Pluto-Betting-Bot">
</div>

---

## 🎯 Overview

**Pluto** is a full-featured betting app designed to bring the thrill of sports betting to Discord. It's built with a focus on simplicity and user engagement. Experience the excitement of the betting world using virtual currency, all within your Discord server!

### Features:
- **Game Betting**: Place bets on your favorite NFL & NBA games.
- **Live Odds & Bet Redemption**: Stay updated with real-time odds and redeem your bets.
- **Game Channel Creation**: Customize channels for different games.
- **Betting Stats**: Track your betting performance.
- **Progression System**: Earn `Tiers` as you bet, from Bronze to Diamond.
- **Leaderboard**: Compete with others and climb the leaderboard.

## 🚀 Technologies

Pluto is crafted using a variety of robust technologies:

- [Sapphire Framework](https://github.com/sapphiredev/framework) 
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [Discord.js](https://discord.js.org/)
- [The-Odds-Api](the-odds-api.com/)

As of version v3, core functionality has been transferred to an external, private API.

## 📝 License

This project is under the [MIT License](LICENSE)

**Contributors are welcome!**

## 🧑‍🔬 Authors

Developed by [FENIX](https://github.com/fearandesire)

- Contributions by [Faysal](https://github.com/Faysal19999)

## 🔗 Links

### [**Patreon**](https://www.patreon.com/fenix_/posts) | Support development, gain access to exclusive features


<br/>
<a href="#top">Back to the top</a>

Commit message:

refactor: Adjust colors, docs, README
docs: Add documentation to readme; Improve styling
style: Adjust app colors
refactor: Limit to one footer
refactor: Store docs url & import
docs: Add commands missing

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
<a id="top"></a>
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/CupFfgB.png" width="150" height="150" alt="Pluto logo"/>

# The Ultimate Betting App for Discord

Engage in the sports betting scene directly from your favorite platform

  <img alt="GitHub top language" src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/fearandesire/Pluto-Betting-Bot?color=blue&labelColor=%23000000">
<img alt="GitHub package.json version" src="https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/fearandesire/Pluto-Betting-Bot">
</div>

---

## 🎯 What is Pluto?

**Pluto** is a full-featured betting app designed to bring the thrill of sports betting to Discord. It's built with a focus on simplicity and user engagement. Experience the excitement of the betting world using virtual currency, all within your Discord server!

### Features:
- **Game Betting**: Place bets on your favorite NFL & NBA games.
- **Live Odds & Bet Redemption**: Stay updated with real-time odds and redeem your bets.
- **Game Channel Creation**: Customize channels for different games.
- **Betting Stats**: Track your betting performance.
- **Progression System**: Earn `Tiers` as you bet, from Bronze to Diamond.
- **Leaderboard**: Compete with others and climb the leaderboard.

For more information, visit [documentation here.](https://pluto.fearandesire.com)

## 📝 License

This project is under the [MIT License](LICENSE)

**Contributors are welcome!**

## 🧑‍🔬 Authors

Developed by [FENIX](https://github.com/fearandesire)

- Contributions by [Faysal](https://github.com/Faysal19999)

## 🔗 Links
### 📒 [Documentation](https://docs.pluto.fearandesire.com)
### 💙 [**Patreon**](https://www.patreon.com/fenix_/posts) 
Support the development of Pluto, and my goals to make it the undisputable, best betting application on Discord!


<br/>
<a href="#top">Back to the top</a>
